Add scrape disclaimer to check before enabling (#16057)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/kubernetes/prometheus.md

### Configuration

> It's recommended to first check which pods and services have the `prometheus.io/scrape=true` annotation before enabling this feature. This can be done with commands like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to first check which pods and services have the `prometheus.io/scrape=true` annotation before enabling this feature. This can be done with the following commands:
```

```shell
kubectl get pods -o=jsonpath='{.items[?(@.metadata.annotations.prometheus\.io/scrape=="true")].metadata.name}' --all-namespaces

kubectl get services -o=jsonpath='{.items[?(@.metadata.annotations.prometheus\.io/scrape=="true")].metadata.name}' --all-namespaces
```

> Once the Prometheus Scrape feature is enabled the Datadog Agent will collect custom metrics from these resources. If you do not want to collect the custom metrics from these resources you can remove this annotation or update the autodiscovery rules as described in the [advanced configuration](#advanced-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Prometheus Scrape feature is enabled the Datadog Agent collects custom metrics from these resources. If you do not want to collect the custom metrics from these resources you can remove this annotation or update the autodiscovery rules as described in the [advanced configuration section](#advanced-configuration).
```
